Feat: adds note to Lifecycle creation policy owner docs (#2928)
external-secrets/external-secrets: docs/guides/ownership-deletion-policy.md

### Owner (default)
The External Secret Operator creates secret and sets the `ownerReference` field on the Secret. This secret is subject to [garbage collection](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/garbage-collection/) if the initial `ExternalSecret` is absent. If a secret with the same name already exists that is not owned by the controller it will result in a conflict. The operator will just error out, not claiming the ownership.

!!! note "Secrets with `ownerReference` field not found"

>     If the secret exists and the ownerReference field is not found, the controller treats this secret as orphaned, takes the ownership of it by setting ownerReference and updates it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the secret exists and the ownerReference field is not found, the controller treats this secret as orphaned. It will take ownership of this secret by adding an `ownerReference` field and updating it.
```

Sorry, I found this sentence a bit difficult to parse.: D Do you think this is better?

Author: Yeah, sure!
